from zero to the trader in 30 days. Get
a prop firm account. We're going to use
Apex just because it has been requested
by many of you. It is popular. It can be
easily connected to multi charts. I got
a 50K rhythmic account. Click setup
rhythmic which brings you to download
rhythmic trader pro. Login with the
perform credentials. Select system appex
atway chgo area. Make sure you have
market data on and login. Go to files
allow plugins and close the app. Now go
to multi charts. Open quote manager. Go
to data sources and open the rhythmic
settings. Select system Apex. Enter
again your credential. And now you have
the data fit set up. All we have left is
set it up as broker 2 using exactly the
same settings. And you press connect.
Now we're ready to automate our trading
strategy and trade it via proform.